Speaking of that capacitor dot ionic framework dot com is a great place to dig deeper and to explore
all the possibilities this tools that gives you how you can make it work with cord of up log ins.
Here you can also browse existing community plug ins to scroll down to plugins community plug ins.
You see a list of plug ins you could add to your application here so that can be really helpful.
And at the bottom you also see all the core API is that already ship with capacitor which you don't
have to install separately but which are in there already.
And here you see the camera at the geo location which our API is we will use it this course module.
So definitely explorer does documentation if you want to learn more.
And if you want to use it in your next project here I will give you a general overview and show you
two concrete examples geo location and the camera.